I don't know if you know this but there
is history happening not far from us
here in West Hollywood they now have the
first cannabis cafe in the United States
you know because of the law the food
itself does not contain cannabis but the
employees are fine with you being high
in the restaurant it's just like Taco
Bell really gets molded but and they're
already booked solid for months you
can't get a reservation so much so that
a popular chain restaurant now is also
embracing this idea cannabis cuisine is
here step by for our new wake and bake
breakfast deal - eggs - bacon - sausage
- joints - gummy edibles - more eggs two
burritos two blunts hash browns hash oil
COO bench torito's a salami sandwich has
splashed a mountain Dew Code Red
and gum all smothered in our homestyle
gravy we can bake for limited time at
high hop high hop you'll never make it
into work today I am Jimmy Kimmel if you
want to see all our latest videos click
the subscribe button and if you don't
click anyway and close your eyes when
they come on